Create PUT API for deletion time (#44)
cybozu-go/github-actions-controller: docs/runner-pod-api.md

Runner Pod API
==============

* [`GET /deletion_time`](#get-deletion_time)
* [`PUT /deletion_time`](#put-deletion_time)

## `GET /deletion_time`

> This API indicates the pod's deletion time.
> Used by `Pod` sweeper to check the deletion time of pods.
> If the value is zero(`0001-01-01T00: 00: 00Z`), the deletion time is treated as not set.
> If the value is other than that, the deletion is judged based on whether
> or not the time has passed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API returns a pod's deletion time in UTC using RFC 3339 format.

When the pod state is `initializing` or `running`, it returns the zero value of type `Time` of Go(`0001-01-01T00:00:00Z`).
When the state is `debugging` or a time is set by the [`PUT /deletion_time`](#put-deletion_time), it returns a non-zero time.

If the deletion time returned by this API has passed, the `Pod` sweeper will delete the pod.
```

**Successful response**

- HTTP status code: 200 OK
- HTTP response header: `Content-Type: application/json`
- HTTP response body: Current DeletionTime in JSON

**Failure responses**

- If the deletion time of the pod is incorrect
  HTTP status code: 500 Internal Server Error

```console
$ curl -s -XGET localhost:8080/deletion_time
{
	"deletion_time":"0001-01-01T00:00:00Z"
}
```

## `PUT /deletion_time`

> This API updates the pod's deletion time.
> Used to update a pod deletion time from Extender in Slack agent.
> The time format is RFC 3339 in UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API updates a pod's deletion time. The time format is RFC 3339 in UTC.
```
